docs: Homepage and Getting Started section (#5772)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/getting-started/feature-flags.md

- **Decouple deployment from release:** Ship code to production with features hidden behind flags, then enable them for users when ready.

- **Staged rollouts:** Gradually enable features for a subset of users, reducing risk and allowing for real-world testing. [Learn more](/guides-and-examples/staged-feature-rollouts.md)

- **A/B testing and experimentation:** Test multiple variants of a feature and measure impact. [Learn more](/advanced-use/ab-testing.md)

- **Remote configuration:** Change app behaviour or configuration in real time, without redeploying.

### Advantages of using Feature Flags

- **Safer releases:** Reduce the risk of deploying new features by controlling exposure.
- **Faster iteration:** Test and iterate on features quickly, without waiting for deployment cycles.
- **Targeted rollouts:** Enable features for specific users, groups, or environments.
- **Easy rollback:** Instantly turn off features if bugs or issues are detected.
- **Experimentation:** Run experiments and gather data to inform product decisions.

### Workflow

1. You are about to start work on a new feature. Let's imagine you are going to implement a sharing button with your application.

> 2. Create a new Feature Flag in Flagsmith, calling it "sharing_button". Set it to enabled on your development environment, and disabled on your production environment.

Reviewer: in this case feature flag should be lower case.

> 3. Start working on the feature. Whenever you write code that shows the button within the UI, wrap it in a conditional statement, testing against the value of the flag "sharing button". Only show the button if the flag is set to True.

Reviewer 2: We should be careful with terminology here. Our approach is to use 'enabled' for the flag state. 

```suggestion
3. Start working on the feature. Whenever you write code that shows the button within the UI, wrap it in a conditional statement, testing against the value of the flag "sharing button". Only show the button if the flag is enabled.
```

> 4. Because your button only shows when the "sharing_button" flag is set to True, you are safe to commit your code as you work on the feature. Your code will be live within the production platform, but the functionality is hidden behind the flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Because your button only shows when the "sharing_button" flag is enabled, you are safe to deploy your code as you work on the feature. Your code will be live within the production platform, but the functionality is hidden behind the flag.
```

> 5. Once you are happy with your Feature, you can enable the "sharing_button" for other members of your team and with beta testers.

Reviewer 2: Please make sure that we're consistent with capitalisation. 

```suggestion
5. Once you are happy with your feature, you can enable the "sharing_button" for other members of your team and with beta testers.
```

Reviewer 2: It looks like this is an issue throughout this page. I can see instances where the term 'feature flag' is in title case, and others where it's not. My opinion is that we shouldn't capitalise anything that's not a proper noun. Please can you go through this PR (and others) and make sure that we're consistent with the usage of feature flags (lower case).

> 6. If everything is working as intended, switch the "sharing_button" flag to True for everyone in your production environment, and your feature is rolled out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. If everything is working as intended, enable the "sharing_button" flag for everyone in your production environment, and your feature is rolled out.
```
